Add a page for the OCaml Code of Conduct (#681)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/pages/code_of_conduct.md

approach, especially when they come with explanatory comments, as this can give
some time to the offender to calm down and think about their actions.

The members of the team are currently:

* Louis Roché <[louis@ocaml.org](mailto:louis@ocaml.org)>
* Marcello Seri <[marcello@ocaml.org](mailto:marcello@ocaml.org)>
* Raja Boujbel <[raja@ocaml.org](mailto:raja@ocaml.org)>
* Simon Cruanes <[simon@ocaml.org](mailto:simon@ocaml.org)>
* Sonja Heinze <[sonja@ocaml.org](mailto:sonja@ocaml.org)>

## Strained Situations ##

We believe that participation in our community should not cause distress.
Communication can be difficult in online communities, and we recognize that
people may feel distressed even without a clear infraction of our standards. We
hope to make a community where discussing such situations personally with other
members can resolve such distress, but we recognize this may not always be
possible. If the Code of Conduct has not been violated but you wish to discuss
such an issue, please feel free to contact `coc-help@ocaml.org`.

## Questions? ##

If you have questions, feel free to write to <coc-help@ocaml.org>.

## Attribution ##

> This text is adapted from the [Coq Code of Conduct][coq-coc]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This text is adapted from the [Coq Code of Conduct][https://github.com/coq/coq/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md]
```
